Friends Alex and Aled share how they stay in touch with their friends and each other.
Oh, I use social media like Facebook, MSN messenger, still got that going somehow.
Don't know how I've managed to keep that up and running. I do send emails to a few of them as well
because I got friends over in the state. Yeah, that's a good way to kind of...
It's easier than that. It was a way of FaceTime isn't it? Yeah. A version sort of.
There is, but we used to just write emails up, we used to write songs out to an email and all
and just send them back and forth. That's what I loved about MSN because it was very real time.
Yeah. And it was quick and reliable. You know, because I actually remember using it as well.
And because I remember we used it one evening when I was home and you were home and
we were on the games console together, the Xbox. Xbox 360. Yeah. Yeah. And we thought right,
instead of just viewing each other through the headset, let's just do the video call. Yeah.
Yeah, that was another way we stay in touch, just either FaceTime. My friend is probably similar
to Alex, is either probably Facebook, not Twitter because we got hardly anyone on Twitter.
Well, either games console. Well, I think that's it. Phone and text and console.